Add api-cli tool (api interactions from cli) (#8)
polkadot-js/tools: README.md

[![polkadotjs](https://img.shields.io/badge/polkadot-js-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](https://polkadot.js.org)
![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg?style=flat-square)
[![style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-semistandard-lightgrey.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Flet/semistandard)
[![travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/polkadot-js/tools.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.com/polkadot-js/tools)
[![maintainability](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/polkadot-js/tools.svg?style=flat-square)](https://codeclimate.com/github/polkadot-js/tools/maintainability)
[![coverage](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/polkadot-js/tools.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/github/polkadot-js/tools?branch=master)
[![greenkeeper](https://img.shields.io/badge/greenkeeper-enabled-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

# @polkadot/tools

This is a collection of cli tools to use on Polkadot and Substrate chains.

## overview

The repo is split up into a number of internal packages -

- [@polkadot/api-cli](packages/api-cli/) A cli tool to allow you to make API calls to any running node

> - [@polkadot/monitor-rpc](packages/monitor-rpc/) A simple monitoring interface that checks the healt of a remove node via RPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@polkadot/monitor-rpc](packages/monitor-rpc/) A simple monitoring interface that checks the health of a remote node via RPC
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ^^ is now @polkadot/tools

Simple monitoring tools.

## Monitor

```
yarn run:monitor --ws ws://localhost:9944 --port 8181
```

Then just doing a get on `localhost:8181` should return something like

```
{"blockNumber":7030,"blockTimestamp":"2018-11-27T09:51:06.283Z","elapsed":1.828,"ok":true}
```

## API cli

```
yarn run:api [options] <type> <...params>
```

For instance to make a query to retrieve Alice's balances,

```
yarn run:api query.balances.freeBalance 5GoKvZWG5ZPYL1WUovuHW3zJBWBP5eT8CbqjdRY4Q6iMaDtZ
```

To do the same, running as a subscription

```
yarn run:api query.balances.freeBalance 5GoKvZWG5ZPYL1WUovuHW3zJBWBP5eT8CbqjdRY4Q6iMaDtZ --sub
```

In the same vein, the `--ws` param can be used to connect to other Webscoket endpoints

> When submitting transactions, you can use the `--seed <seed>` to specify an account seed. To read documentation on a call, use the `--info` command.

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to copy over the relevant parts of the README over to a package README, `api-cli` and `monitor-rpc` don't have one atm . My heart always breaks a little when I see npmjs modules without README's :)

Author: And docs like we have in the other repos... but yes, that needs work.
